Add user level idle transaction timeout (#1188)
pgbouncer/pgbouncer: doc/config.md

Configure a maximum for the user (i.e. all pools with the user will
not have more than this many server connections).

> ### idle_transaction_timeout

Reviewer: Missing docs on `query_timeout`

Author: Will fix.

Author: Added query_timeout documentation.

Configure a maximum for the user of server connections (i.e. all pools with the user will
not have more than this many server connections).

### query_timeout

> Set the maximum length of time that a user query can run for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the maximum number of seconds that a user query can run for.
```

If set this timeout overrides the server level query_timeout described above.

### idle_transaction_timeout

> Set the maximum length of time a user can have an idle transaction open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the maximum number of seconds that a user can have an idle transaction open.
```
